Staging to Main 02/09/23 (#121)
OAK-Foundation/OAK-docs: _docs/powered-by-oak-time-apis.md

 - paying over time (recurring payments on a foreign chain),
 - anything else you can do on supported parachains, sometime(s) in the future.

> 1. `scheduleDynamicDispatchTask` can be used to schedule execution of any extrinsic or batch of extrinsics on-chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `scheduleDynamicDispatchTask` can be used to schedule execution of any extrinsic or batch of extrinsics on-chain.
```

> 1. `cancelTask` can be used to cancel any existing automation tasks (must be from the account which created the task). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `cancelTask` can be used to cancel any existing automation tasks (must be from the account which created the task).
```

    /// Your unique identifier for the task. Accepts any string input (e.g. "I am as unique as a snowflake").
    provided_id: Vec<u8>,      

>     /// API Param for Scheduling. You can schdule fixed or recurring task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// API Param for Scheduling. You can schedule fixed or recurring tasks.
```

    /// pub enum ScheduleParam {
	///     Fixed { execution_times: Vec<UnixTime> },
	///     Recurring { next_execution_time: UnixTime, frequency: Seconds },
    /// }

>     /// Both execution_times and next_execution_time should be unix standard time stamps(in seconds) for when the task should run (accepts a string input). The time stamp must be at the start of any minute (i.e. the timestamp number modulo 60 must equal 0). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// Both execution_times and next_execution_time should be unix standard timestamps (in seconds) for when the task should run (accepts a string input). The timestamp must be at the start of any hour (i.e. the timestamp number modulo 3600 must equal 0).
```

    /// The parachain location where the encoded extrinsic call will be sent.
    para_id: ParaId,

    /// The identifier of the token that is to be used for cross-chain automation fees (assume $TUR).
    currency_id: T::CurrencyId,

    /// A proxied version of the encoded extrinsic call to perform the future action.
    encoded_call: Vec<u8>,

    /// The total weight of the encoded call that will be sent back to the parachain.
    encoded_call_weight: u64,
)

```

## Create a dynamic dispatch task
This API allows you to schedule execution of any extrinsic or batch of extrinsics on-chain.

#### API
```rust
fn schedule_dynamic_dispatch_task(
    /// The address of the account that created or is creating the task. Automatically passed in when the transaction is signed.
    origin: OriginFor<T>,
   
    /// Your unique identifier for the task. Accepts any string input (e.g. "I am as unique as a snowflake").
    provided_id: Vec<u8>,      

    /// API Param for Scheduling. You can schdule fixed or recurring task.
    /// pub enum ScheduleParam {
	///     Fixed { execution_times: Vec<UnixTime> },
	///     Recurring { next_execution_time: UnixTime, frequency: Seconds },
    /// }

>     /// Both execution_times and next_execution_time should be unix standard time stamps(in seconds) for when the task should run (accepts a string input). The time stamp must be at the start of any minute (i.e. the timestamp number modulo 60 must equal 0). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// Both execution_times and next_execution_time should be unix standard timestamps (in seconds) for when the task should run (accepts a string input). The timestamp must be at the start of any hour (i.e. the timestamp number modulo 3600 must equal 0).
```
